




			Interviews : Max 45 mins to 1 hours
	
			1. Good internet connection, Cameras, good speaker and mike
			2. Good meet and greet
			2. write some code, on notepad (rare
			3. Topics
				a. .Net framework
				b. C# with OOPS (properties, methods, constructores, events, delegates, serialization, reflection
					Abstraction, Encapsulation, Inheritance and Polymorphism (keywords)
					Linq and Lambda expressions
				c. SQL 
					DDL, DML, DQL, DTL, Joins
					Views, Index, CTE, Temp Table,  TSQL (Function, Procudures, Triggers)
				d. ADO.Net / EF 
				e. ASP.Net MVC
				f. WebAPI
				g. Angular
					Components, Pipes, Services, Routeing
				



1. What is .net framework 
	is an SDK (software development kit) for developing,debugging and  testing, and hosting any type of application
			with more than 54 language support)

2. what is .net framework made up 
	BCL - base class libraries
	Compilers
	Languages
	CLR

3. When u compile an .net application what do u get - (.exe / .dll ) file
			which has MSIL (Microsoft Intermediate language)

4. What is CLR 

5. What is CTS and CLS ?
		Common Type Specification
		Common Language Specification 

		every language in .net has to follow some rules
			They should support same data types (int or interger or number or var, u should have support for it
							and size of them to be same)

		it gets converted to a common data type (eg. int becomes int32 - C# - 4 bytes
							   integer becomes int32 - VB  - 4 bytes
							   number becomes int32 - f#)

			called as Common Type Spcification 
	CLS	
		Since there are numerous different languages, . NET has specified those commonalities in something called the Common 		Language Specification (CLS). CLS defines a set of features that are needed by many common applications
	CTS
		NET each language is converted into MSIL code after compilation and the MSIL code is language specification of CLR. 		Common Type System (CTS) describes the datatypes that can be used by managed code. CTS defines how these types are 		declared, used and managed in the runtime.

6. What is value type and reference type 

		Value type - all the data type which has pre-determined value are value type
			Premitive types int, double, bool,float data, datatime, enums, structures are value type
				expect string
		Reference type - values will get detemined at runtime, UDT - classes, interfaces, collections (Array, list)
				string


	value types goes on stack of memory map
	ref type goes on HEAP of memory map

7. What is boxing and unboxing  
	Boxing - value type to ref type
	unbox - ref type to value
8. What is JIT ?













































